
Installing a new version of the SVAC pipeline
---------------------------------------------

<PIPELINE_HOME> currently ==
/afs/slac.stanford.edu/g/glast/ground/PipelineConfig/EM-tasks

Turn off the pipeline ( 
  cd <PIPELINE_HOME>/onlinePipeline/log/
  echo Manual disable by `whoami` at `date` > running
  chmod g+w running 
).
Check for the existence of the 'running' file first; if it is there, wait
until it isn't (should only take a couple of minutes).

Make sure that svacVersion in setup/svacPlSetup.cshrc is the same as the tag
you will be using <tag>.

Make sure that the line containing "setenv eLogTestOnly 1" in
svacPlSetup.cshrc is commented out.

If you are changing EM release, you need to modify EngineeringModelVersion and
sasLocation, (both near the top of svacPlSetup.cshrc) and probably Em2Version
(in the digitization section; this is misnamed, it's actually the version of
LatIntegration).

If you are changing disks, you need to go to
/afs/slac/www/exp/glast/ground/LATSoft/nfsLinks and make a symbolic link to
the new disk.

If Jim Panetta has changed the disk used for the online task, change
onlineDisk in svacPlSetup.cshrc to reflect this.  It is not necessary to
corrdinate changes of the SVAC disk with him.

If Jim has changed his task, you should update onlineTaskVersion in
svacPlSetup.cshrc.  This is not actually necessary for normal pipeline
operation, but simplifies reprocessing.

Tag it <tag>.

Check out the code (svac/svacPipeline in /nfs/slac/g/glast/ground/cvs).

Copy svacPipeline directory to
<PIPELINE_HOME>/svacPipeline/<tag>.

setenv svacPlRoot <PIPELINE_HOME>/svacPipeline/<tag>

Run $svacPlRoot/*/genXml.pl.  This will create several XML files in the
current directory ($svacPlRoot is a good choice) with names like
task-version.xml.  recon/genXml.pl should also create a csh file in the recon
directory.

Upload the XML files created in the previous step with web front end at
http://glast-ground.slac.stanford.edu/

Wait for the pipeline to empty.  Use the web front end to see that all runs
for all current tasks are done.  This could take hours.

Replace the symbolic link <PIPELINE_HOME>/svacPipeline/current with one that
points at <tag>.  Or if you're using the test server, change the
<PIPELINE_HOME>/svacPipeline/test link instead.

Turn the pipeline back on 
(rm <PIPELINE_HOME>/onlinePipeline/log/running).
